# Course Description

Gain a 360° overview of how to explore and use Power BI to build impactful reports. In this course, you’ll go from zero to hero, as you discover how to use this popular business intelligence platform through hands-on exercises. You’ll first learn how to confidently load and transform data using Power Query and the importance of data models, before diving into creating visualizations using Power BI’s drag-and-drop functionality. You’ll also learn how to drill-down into reports and make your reports fully interactive. Lastly, you'll level-up your skills using DAX formulas (Data Analysis Expressions) to create customized calculated columns and fields to better analyze your data. Get started now. You've got the power!

* 1 Discover how to navigate this intuitive tool and get to grips with Power BI’s Data, Model, and Report views. You’ll load multiple datasets in the Data view, build a data model to understand the relationships between your tables in Model view, and create your first bar graph and interactive map visualization in Report view. You’ll also practice using Power Query Editor to prep your data for analysis.

* 2 It’s time to power-up your business intelligence skills! Through hands-on exercises, you’ll learn how to change and format a wide range of visualizations, before moving on to sorting data and creating hierarchies—making it possible for you to drill into your reports. Lastly, you’ll discover how to filter the information in your reports by location and control how these filters interconnect and interact with other visuals in your report.

* 3 In this chapter, you’ll learn how to create customized calculations using Microsoft's formula language, DAX (Data Analysis Expressions). Very similar to how formulas are written in Excel, you'll learn how to create calculated columns and tables—and when you should use them. You'll then progress to writing powerful calculated measures, leveraging Power BI's Quick Measures, to create complex DAX calculations like year over year change.
